Section 1:
i.  Yes. In the logit output, there are several variables with a p-value below 0.05, including kwh_2009_09, question 420, and question 4701.2_1. Looking at the quick means test output, it appears that there are differences in the means between the treatment and control for some variables (kwh_2009_12 and D_410_3 and D_405_2) that could be statistically signficant. To determine whether this is the case, we did a t-test. Our suspicions were confirmed by the t-test - the variables that we had identified had high t-values in the t-test output. This indicates that the treatment group was not as good as randomly assigned.
ii.  Some of the variables that were signficant in the logit model were also significant in the quick means comparison (kwh_2009_12), but others were only significant in the quick means test (kwh_2009_10, 410_3). We would expect there would be more significant variables in the quick means test because of multicollinearity. If there is high or imperfect multicollinearity, it does not violate the OLS assumptions but it inflates the standard error, which can cause a variable to appear insignificant when it is significant. In other words, the estimates could be precise but not unbiased. 
iii. The logit check is good because it gives you standard errors and p-values, but you may not trust the estimates in situations with large data sets or overlapping variables. In general, we expect standard errors to decrease with the number of observations. However, we are concerned that some of the survey questions may be similar which would lead to higher multicollinearity and blow up the standard errors. The quick means test is easy to perform and it is not misled by significance, but it is not as rigorous as the two-sample t-test.
iv. Questions 410, 420, 43111 are redundant - they all determine the number or people in the household that are over/under 15. Questions 43521 and 5414 are also somewhat redundant - they both determine expected reduction in energy usage. Variables that should have been included are income level, type of home, type of appliances, and attitude toward conservation.
